The words of your favorite book scramble before your eyes into a weird recipe you've never seen before.	What is the recipe for? Do you try to cook it? What happens?
You see a strange message in front of your pet one day. It points its paw at the message and glares at you, and you realize- your pet wrote that.	What is your pet trying to say?
You're typing an email, and your hands start  to type a story you don't know. It isn't about you. You are not controlling your hands any longer.	What is the story your hands type? What do you do with it?
Your favorite instagram account has been weird lately- all the posts make your head spin with a weird high  noise, and they all have strange symbols that make your head spin.	What changes to make you able to read the posts? What do the posts  say?
You're sitting outside, and look up at the sky. You look into the clouds, and see words. 	What do the words say? What do  you do about it?
You take a trip to the museum, but you can't stop seeing something weird, a flickering shadow, out of the corner of your eye. You chase it down, and corner it in an exhibit.	What is the shadow that chased you? what does it have to say for itself?
You feel a little sick, but when you take your temperature, your thermometer says not letters, but words. Well, one word.	What does the thermometer say? What do you think it means?
You drink a nice soothing cup of tea. In the leaves, you see a strange image, not very detailed, but you know it's your future, somehow. 	What is the image? How do you think it  will be important later?
You trip and drop your phone, and hairline cracks spread across the surface. But the words underneath aren't just distorted. Now, they're in someone else's handwriting - the handwriting of someone who has sent you a letter recently.	Whose handwriting do you see? What does it tell you to do?
You find a line of ants in the kitchen. Before you can put out an ant trap, you notice that the ants are forming shapes. It's sheet music! The ants are forming notes.	What song are the ants forming? Why do you think they're showing you that song? And who sent the ants?
In the next room over, something crashes to the ground. A picture of your family has fallen off the wall. When you turn it over, you see a message on the back. It's in your own handwriting, but you don't remember writing it. 	What does the message say? Why can't you remember writing it?
You're walking through the park when you see smoke rising from a barbecue grill. As you watch, the smoke twists itself into the shape of a calendar date. You take a picture of it so you can remember it later, but the picture doesn't show anything.	What date did you see in the smoke? Why do you think it doesn't appear in pictures?