You're walking down the street in the rain, and a car  splashes you with something sticky. Even though you  wash it off, you can feel your hand changing.	What was it? What can your hand do now that  it couldn't before?
You find a box of papers under your bed that you don't remember ever having seen before. You open it, and find a map of your neighborhood, with a new landmark you've never heard of before.	What is the landmark? When you go check it out,  what do you find there?
A strange envelope is slid under the door. When you open  it, you find a glowing, unfamiliar seed, and a note saying  "plant this. It will help you."	When you plant it, what grows? How does it help you?
The birds outside your home are building something, but  they never let you get close enough to their nests to see  what it is. You only see them carrying strange things.	How do you distract them long enough to check it out? And what do you find in the nest?
You pour yourself a bowl of cheerios, but instead of Os, your bowl is full of letters, and they're spelling you a message.	What is the warning in your cereal? Do you take its advice? What do you do?
You go out for a walk, and get bitten by mosquitos, but there's something weird about the bites. They look like a map of your neighborhood, but you don't recognize the spot marked with an X.	When you follow the map, who do you bring with you for backup? What do you find at the X? Where is it?
You bake a homemade loaf of banana bread. It smells great, but  when you cut into it, you find something strange in the middle, a heavy  bronze key.	Do you know what the key opens? How do you find out?
The cat that lives in your corner store seems to want you to follow it. It keeps pawing at your leg, and trying to pull you along. One day, you give in and follow it.	Where does the bodega cat lead you? What do you find?
When you take out the trash, you open the trash can and prepare to throw the bag in - but then you see several spools of bright, glowing thread attached to a note that says "Weave me." You fish the thread out of the trash can.	What do you make with the thread? What do you do with the thing that you make?
One night, you get curious and enter the building on the next block over that's been under construction for years. Inside, it looks like the building hasn't been touched. Dust and dirt are everywhere. But you do find a set of architectural diagrams with strange symbols.	What buildings do the diagrams show? What do the symbols on them mean? Do you take the diagrams, or leave them where they are?
While walking through your favorite park, you accidentally step in a mud puddle. You think you hear it say "ouch!" When you look down, the mud puddle has rolled itself into a tiny creature. "Say sorry!" it says.	What form has the mud puddle taken? Do you say sorry to it?
You're cleaning the bathroom and looking idly at the mirror as you scrub it. That's when you realize that your reflection is holding a book. They hold out the book to you.	What is the book about? Do you read any of it?
This morning, when you turned on the faucet in the bathroom, strange coins rushed out instead of water. The coins were very old, and the words engraved in the metal were in a language you didn’t recognize.	What image was engraved on the heads side? What about the tail side? Did you try to buy anything with it?
There is a dust bunny that always builds up in the crack between the refrigerator and the wall. Today, you hear a whuffling sound from the crack. The dust bunny is now a real bunny! You peer down at it.	What do you do with the dust bunny? Why and how do you think it transformed into a real bunny?
You are writing a letter when ink starts leaking out of your pen. In a moment, the ink is all over your letter. But everywhere the ink touched, it has revealed another message written on your paper!	What does the ink say? Was the ink in your pen always like this, or was it transformed suddenly?